The "User" stores information about users of the system:
	1. email (CHAR): email address of the user
	2. password (CHAR): user's password
	3. role (Foreign Key): a foreign key that references the user's role
	4. name (CHAR): user's first name.
	5. surname (CHAR): user's last name.
	MtO relation with Review, Role
	OtM relation with Ticket
	OtO relation with Medical card

"Role" is used to define the videos to which the user belongs:
	1. name (CHAR): the name of this particular video (patient, doctor, administrator).

The "Review" is used to store reviews and ratings for a particular fuel pump:
	1. text (CHAR): text content of the review, allowing users to provide feedback or comments
	2. author (Foreign Key): a foreign key that references the author of the review
	2. date (DATETIME): date when this review has been submitted
	4. rating (INT): a rating that user leaves, 1-5⭐

“Medical Card” is used by patients in clinics to keep all records::
	1. patient (Foreign Key): A foreign key that references the card owner/OtO relationship with the user. 
	2. doctor (foreign key): a foreign key that refers to a user with a role/OtO relationship with the user.
	3. card_id (int): ID number of the patient’s card.


The “Disease” section is used to store information about illness and departure.
	1. name (CHAR): name of a specific disease
	2. treatment (Foreign key): foreign key referring to the treatment of the disease
	OtO's Relationship with Treatment

The “Treatment” section is used to store information about the treatment method.
	1. text (CHAR): treatment descriptions
	2. medications (Foreign key): foreign key referring to the medications used
	3. procedures (Foreign key): a foreign key referring to the prescribed procedures

	MtM's Relationship with Medicines
	MtM's Relationship with Procedures

The “Procedures” section is used to store information about the treatment method.
	1. text (CHAR): procedure description

The “Medicines” section is used to store information about prescribed medications
	1. name (CHAR): name of the drug

The “Visit Log” is used to record various activities and patients within the system:
	1. ticket (foreign key): a foreign key that refers to the type of action being logged.
	2. patient (foreign key): a foreign key that refers to the user who performed the action being logged.
	MtO's relationship with Ticket
	MtO's relationship with	User

“Ticket” is used to register various actions and patients and provide services:
	1. service (foreign key): a foreign key that refers to an action type that describes the procedure ordered by the user.
	2. doctor (foreign key): a foreign key that refers to the user performing the service.
	3. time (datetime): records the date and time of registration of an action or event
	4. number_id (int): registers the ticket number in the queue
	OtM's relationship with Services

The “services” section is intended to store information about the services provided.
	1. name (CHAR): service name
	2. price (float): price per service